Update Ch 357-361 (#994)
Bittu5134/ORV-Reader: chapters/orv/chap_00358.txt

However, he wasn't able to be glad about meeting his colleague due to the desperate situation. He sighed and saw the two children glued firmly to Jung Heewon's waist.
They were Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung. Lee Hyunsung watched the sickly pale faces of the two children and asked, "What is the status of the children?"
"I don't know exactly. I just met them. They must've seen something shocking."

> A shocking sight. Certainly, this island was a strange place. The Heracles Shield on Lee Hyunsung's back was very heavy. It was an item that he normally wouldn't have felt the weight…

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A shocking sight. Certainly, this island was a strange place. The Heracles Shield on Lee Hyunsung's back was very heavy. It was an item that he normally would've felt the weight…
```
